(yuganda shikai da kiso wa sasoun da)
my vision distorted, fundamentals invite to
(subete sarase to)
expose it all!
(mazari mono no nai junsui koso ga)
it's unaltered and therefore pure,
(utsukushiin da to fujouri wa iu)
that's how absurdity defines beauty.
(soko ni fumikonde tekazu hazuseba)
if we step into the depths and remove all troubles,
(kuruoshiku nozondeita shunkan ga matteru)
that insanely desired moment will be waiting for us.
(tagitte shimau wa)
i'm overflowing!
(keiraku no kyoukaisen yokotawaru unmei)
at the boundary of the meridian there is a fate that lies
(seichou to zetsubou to ga)
between growth and despair.
(tenohira de odoru you na)
the souls that dance upon your palm,
(tamashii wo moteasonde kure)
do with them as you please.
(naraku de kanjiaou)
let's feel each other in the depths of hell.
(karamiatte)
entangling, depredating and deceiving.
(ubaiatte)
(damashiatte)
(sarashiatte)
exposing, demanding and going crazy.
(motomeatte)
(kuruiatte)